#Love quotes
"Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get–only with what you are expecting to give–which is everything." –Katharine Hepburn
"Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place." — Zora Neale Hurston
"Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time." — Maya Angelou
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you." — A. A. Milne
"I wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul." — Charles Dickens
"The love we give away is the only love we keep." — Elbert Hubbard
"My imagination can concive things that defy logic, it can conjure the impossible, but it could never think of a world without you " - W.Ann
"Loving you never was an option. It was a necessity." — Truth Devour
"I have not slept for fear I would wake to find all this a dream." — Ever After
#Happiness quotes
"Happiness depends upon ourselves." —Aristotle
"The moments of happiness we enjoy take us by surprise. It is not that we seize them, but that they seize us." —Ashley Montagu
"It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis." —Margaret Bonanno
“The most important thing is to enjoy your life – to be happy. It’s all that matters.” – Audrey Hepburn
#Sad quotes
"Loving you was a form of self-Destruction"- Wyse
#Encouraging quotes
“Inhale, exhale, it is well, it is well. All of this is a part of the story you will tell.” -Morgan Harper Nichols
“Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
“When joy is habit, love is a reflex.”- Bob Goff
“I’m going to make everything around me beautiful - that will be my life.” - Elsie De Wolfe
“Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.” - Kahlil Gibran
“The most beautiful people wear their hearts on their sleeves, and their souls in their smiles.” - Mark Anthony
“I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect, they are much more interesting.” Marc Jacobs
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.”- Nelson Mandela
“Don’t compare your beginning to someone else’s middle.” - Jon Acuff
“When you get tired, learn to rest, not quit.” - Banksy
“By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.”
#Happy Quotes
2